---
layout: post
title: Values
date: 2015-10-08 00:10:00
---

We want our team to be a fun, productive, and safe space for all members. In addition to core values of empathy and honesty, there are several ways in which our team of organizers distinguishes itself.

**We work with and alongside each other with the unified goal of putting on the conference.** We are each peers and collaborators and we trust eachother to make decisions that are in the best interest of the conference. We maintain open lines of communication and foster good relationships and friendships with each other. And we often make decisions outside of our self-defined roles: sponsorship planners might make decisions about website updates and coffee service, the person planning the after-party might find themselves in the position to make a decision about conference badges or help a speaker make travel plans. We  We strive to collaborate to make decisions but we also know we need to get things done -- That collaboration is core to our success.

**We value so-called “soft” skills as much as “hard” skills.** That is, we love code, but we recognize that writing code is not the only or most important way to contribute to great products. In fact, we object to the labels “soft” and “hard” inasmuch as they presume one set of skills is more valuable than another. “Non-technical” is not synonymous with “inferior.” We are organizing a conference about emotional work in tech - we know how much "Non-technical" work makes "technical" work possible.

**We believe in diversity**, not merely because it’s a mechanism for happier, more productive teams, but because we believe we have an obligation to work against structural discrimination. This obligation manifests itself in myriad ways—hiring and promotion policies, community outreach, and in our own culture—in which this code of conduct plays a critical role. We know that promoting diversity is not as simple as filling a pipeline - we must also strive to make our community a safe and welcoming place for under-represented people.  This means checking our own privilege when we need to and having the humulity to be able to ask for help.
